2 things that go along with that and I do believe younger people want to feel good about what they believe which influences where they stand. 

Firstly, young "liberals" in parentheses because you might as well put socialist there these days.  These kids think capatalism is evil.  I used to think this until I owned a business.  Yes you can be a liberal and a believer in capatilism.  I will say though it made me feel good to go against the grain and take a shot at the big man.  I was frustrated not because it was evil.  But because I didn't understand how the system worked.  This would naturally make it very difficult to operate within it a create discontent.  Much like we see today with our youth cheering on bernie sanders because he says it's unfair.  What's unfair is being a small business owner and having to pay more than yor fair share in corporate taxes because "corporations are evil and screw the little guy over."  Again, I used to think this.  Then I paid an attorney 2000 dollars to the state of California just to start my corporation (it's an S Corp and it is not big and it does ok but taxes are still managing hinder real growth which could give someone a job.)  I know this is long winded but I really think the discontent among young voters stems from not understanding how this system works on the simplest level.  

Secondly,  the social issues.  I'm all about individual rights.  Those go both ways though and kids these days don't understand that.  It's absolutism for the college kid.  How dare you question that person's viewpoint?  Or the changing of the narrative to comparing somthing completely unrelated to justify a viewpoint.  Liberals use to be respected.  They used to be objective they use to actually believe in the root word.  Now it just seems like people that call themselves liberals are anything anti conservative.  Their is only black and white for this new breed.  No grey area that takes an extra ounce of brain power to think through.  It's just all bandwagoning for the guy that says he will help you.  Really today was the first day my priorities were set straight in what I want.  I want anyone that will make it less difficult on those trying to succeed by building businesses and the economy.  I want Wallstreet to do good because usually that means good things for Americans.  "Break up the banks"  was I insane to think that would fix anything?   Where people should pee?  What locker room at schools people should use?  As a liberal that believes in science and the anatomy of human beings you'd think this wouldn't be an issue.  At the end of the day the system that we have put in place has undoubtedly built one of the strongest most successful countries to ever sit on the face of the planet and these college kids have been told we stole it,  that it was built on the backs of slaves and that they should feel bad about it. Somthing that happened a very long time ago that they wasn't any fault of their own... talked to a kid at Starbucks today,  he thought it was hypocritical build a wall because America was built from immigrants.  Although I agreed with him in saying immigrants built this country.  I said I think it's more of a  security issue.  He said "what you think they are all criminals and rapists like trump?"  And I just said "no"  as I thought about the crisis in the middle east and what's going on in Europe and what just occurred in Venezuela.  And at that moment I understood people saying we need to build a wall ( I don't know if it needs to be a wall but we need to beef up security)  


Anyway...typed this in my phone at 230 in the morning at the airport.  Sorry for some of the mostak.  I just needed to get it out there.

Edit:  I just read that and I think the syntax in some of those sentences is like somthing nelson from the Simpsons would write.  I'm going to sleep.

Edit: I just did it again in the previous edit.  I guess my brain hurts from contemplating life right now.

