That's a very well thought out, logical, sensible argument for the draft and I completely see your point.

I think you hit the nail on the head in regard to where we find ourselves:

&gt;As usual I completely disagree with nearly every foreign policy position Rand Paul puts out.

I almost *always* agree with Rand on foreign policy positions. I think we have a disagreement about the draft and I think it comes from two different philosophies and visions of the future of the defense of the country.

Philosophy wise I am a libertarian. Most of us identify with the idea of personal liberty and free association to a fault. Like the pro-life people are against abortion as a cornerstone of their morals. 

So regardless of the situation the government has no right of ownership over you,excluding criminals; the draft is a perfect expression of ownership.

Having hope in the spirit of my fellow Americans certainly doesn't mean I think we would never need a nuclear deterrent.

I don't disagree that Americans are much softer than previous generations. I don't believe we'll see any large scale wars on the scale of WWII for a long time if ever again. If we did see something like that coming on the horizon we could hopefully start getting ready by ramping up *voluntary* recruitment.

I say *hopefully* because I'm a realist and I'm certainly not a pacifist. I believe in having the strongest military possible and peace through strength. I think that our current military is the most effective fighting force the Earth has ever seen. I think one thing that separates our military from the others is that we do have all volunteers. Our military members made a  *decision* to defend their country, a commitment to sacrifice their lives if needed.

Our Special Ops guys are modern day Samurai, they are modern day Spartans. I think small-scale proxy conflicts relying heavily on Special Ops is where the future of warfare is going. That was Rummy's framework for the future of the military he implemented.

&gt;This is a representative Republic, the people should be electing people who are there for the peoples interests. If this is not the case, then you have much bigger problems than crying about the draft.

I like how you italicized should. I personally don't think we are.

