Wow, those are uncomplicated sentiments.   I suppose I'll just dissect the first point in your article.  Percentage Depletion.  Laws were changed so that integrated monopolies no longer get the benefit.  Then laws were changed again so that only small producers get the benefit.  Would you like to guess what spiked during that period?  Normally I'd leave the obvious follow up out but... Independent Drillers.  They make up [95% of the market right now.](http://oilindependents.org/about/)  Neat.  (notice the absence of the /s tag, I enjoy the fact that with a few million dollars and a good location you can start up a small business.)
&gt;Every industry of any kind is allowed a depreciation deduction on its assets under the U.S. &gt;Tax Code, but, far from being a subsidy for big oil, this tax treatment was in fact repealed &gt;for all integrated oil companies, i.e., ExxonMobil, Shell, BP, etc., in 1975, and is today available &gt;only to independent producers and royalty owners. 

So its not a subsidy for big oil, only the independent producers.  So its a subsidy for the independent producers.  Independent producers make up 95% of the market.  So Accounting BS.  Also, the article you told me to read uses 'independent' and 'big oil' repeatedly throughout the article what else am I supposed to call them? The non-aligned group of people who drill for stuff that hopefully is oil and friends, plus the huge group of people who also do oil related stuff and kinda have an integrated production line but not in the US for tax reasons?

Basically I don't support any subsidies from either tax deferments or from 0 cost loans offered up from the government because the market should decide this, however as I said earlier I do believe that there is a place for some government interaction in this only to maintain our industries from unfriendly foreign competition which are getting an unfair advantage.  Is that conservative enough for you.  

&gt;Spoken like a true leftist. The big difference is the presumption that that money belongs to &gt;the government before it was ever earned. I don't know why you claim to be a conservative, &gt;you sound like a brainwashed leftie.

Except that in context, I'm saying both are bad not that I support either.  Less taxes are generally good however manipulating tax rates as a form of economic advantage disrupts the free market and therefor is bad no mater which direction it comes from.  If you want to pick winners and losers go right ahead.  I'd rather have the market sort it out.  
 
